c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\StudentsInfo.accdb
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe.config
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\Interop.ADODB.dll
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Form1.resources
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Resources.resources
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
c:\users\saygin.guven\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\Interop.ADODB.dll
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Form1.resources
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Resources.resources
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\StudentsInfo.accdb
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe.config
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
C:\Users\saygin\source\repos\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\StudentsInfo.accdb
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe.config
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\Interop.ADODB.dll
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Form1.resources
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Resources.resources
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\StudentsInfo.accdb
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe.config
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\bin\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\Interop.ADODB.dll
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Form1.resources
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.Resources.resources
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.exe
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.xml
C:\Users\naoya.shikichi\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\studentManagementApp\studentManagementApp\obj\Debug\studentManagementApp.pdb
